Serialization docs (#2531)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: docs2/site/docs/getting-started/errors.md

After the `DocumentExecuter` has returned a `ExecutionResult` containing the data and/or errors,
typically you will pass this object to an implementation of `IDocumentWriter` to convert the

> object tree into json. The `IDocumentWriter` implementations provided by `GraphQL.SystemTextJson`

Reviewer: >  The `IDocumentWriter` implementations provided by `GraphQL.SystemTextJson`
and `GraphQL.NewtonsoftJson` allow for configuration of error serialization by providing an
`IErrorInfoProvider` implementation.

IMO something wrong in wording in this sentence.

Reviewer: Only this one left. I'm not sure I read this sentence correctly. Everything else is fine.
Maybe that way?

The IDocumentWriter implementations provided by both GraphQL.SystemTextJson
and GraphQL.NewtonsoftJson packages allow you to configure error serialization by taking an IErrorInfoProvider dependency.

Author: I made some more changes; please take a look.

> object tree into json. The `IDocumentWriter` implementations provided by `GraphQL.SystemTextJson`
> and `GraphQL.NewtonsoftJson` allow for configuration of error serialization by providing an
> `IErrorInfoProvider` implementation. Please review the [serialization](../guides/serialization)
> documentation for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
object tree into json. The `IDocumentWriter` implementations provided by the `GraphQL.SystemTextJson`
and `GraphQL.NewtonsoftJson` packages allow you to configure error serialization by providing an
`IErrorInfoProvider` implementation. If you are using a dependency injection framework, you can register
the `IErrorInfoProvider` instance and it will be consumed by the `IDocumentWriter` implementation
automatically. Please review the [serialization](../guides/serialization) documentation for more details.
```
